

Speaker 0: 

Speaker 1: You will hear a radio interview about an upcoming fair. 

Speaker 2: First you have some time to look at questions one to four. Now we shall begin. You should answer the questions as you listen because you will hear questions one to four. 

Speaker 1: Good afternoon and welcome to City Hour, the radio show that brings you all the latest information about events in and around our city. Today we have with us Cynthia Smith who is heading up this year's City Fair. Cynthia, would you start by giving us some of the basic information about the fair? Where will it take place this year? 

Speaker 0: I'm glad you asked that question because I know most people will be expecting the fair to be at the fairgrounds as usual but we've had to change the location this year due to some construction work. You know they're building the new high school in that neighbourhood and they've been using the fairgrounds as a place to store construction materials. so we've moved the fair to City Park which I think is a wonderful location. 

Speaker 1: Yes that will be a great place for the fair. I understand the fair begins on Friday morning with a special opening event. 

Speaker 0: Actually it won't begin until that evening but you're right about the special event. Traditionally we've begun with a parade but this year our opening event will be a special dance performance and the most exciting part is that the mayor will be one of the dancers. 

Speaker 1: The mayor is a woman of many talents. Cynthia could you tell our listeners about the price of admission? What will it cost to attend the fair? 

Speaker 0: We're trying to keep the price down as much as possible. A three-day pass is just $25 or you can buy a Saturday or Sunday only pass for $15. The opening event on Friday, the dance performance, doesn't cost anything to attend and we're hoping a lot of people will come to watch that. 

Speaker 2: Before you hear the rest of the conversation you have some time to look at questions five to ten. Now listen and answer questions five to ten. 

Speaker 1: Could you tell us about some of the events planned for Saturday and Sunday, the main days of the fair? 

Speaker 0: We have a lot of exciting things planned. There are a number of events especially for children including a clown show on Saturday afternoon. On Saturday evening we've got an event that can be enjoyed by the whole family, a concert by the lake. 

Speaker 1: I'm sure that will be a popular event. Is there anything special planned for Sunday? 

Speaker 0: Yes a really fun event and we hope a lot of people will participate. There'll be a singing contest in the afternoon. It's open to everyone at no charge. It doesn't matter whether you're an experienced singer or not. If you've always dreamed of singing on stage this is your chance. 

Speaker 1: That sounds like a lot of fun. 

Speaker 0: I think it will be. I'd also like your listeners to know that besides the special events I've mentioned there will be things taking place all weekend. For example at the food court international food will be served. You'll be able to sample dishes from all around the world. There will also be special games for children at different locations around the fair. 

Speaker 1: Will there be things people can buy? Souvenirs, anything like that? 

Speaker 0: We have a large area set aside where there will be crafts for sale. This will be an opportunity to buy many lovely handmade things and to get to know some of our local artists and crafts people as well. 

Speaker 1: It sounds like there will be a lot of fun for everyone at this year's fair. Thank you for sharing the information with us Cynthia. 

Speaker 0: Thank you for inviting me. That is the end of part one. 

Speaker 1: You now have half a minute to check your answers. 